and at times
He has not slept tonight but he is not
you look no entry
not only from the eyelashes today the smile
you do not feel a strange dream what
wants without worrying about anything
or is a woman who realizes playing
d
nobody can hurt you
you will understand
it can break or not just things
leaving at least to laugh at choosing
but at the same time
this woman
I will love you like no one has
I know I want to look back
fear
look what happens
or not
the contact of the sea and that nobody can
Doing the notary can hurt you
understands that the fear of man power
with a single portal
this afternoon
but it would come
I want to talk to two
d
in that moment I am very happy
be with you all saved me the
family and
but of course we liked it
we liked it
but all delighted a round of applause for me
work the positive things
tell us what happened to you
missed you can not imagine how much
I miss all of you to each of
you really have missed us
very much
is done when it was not removed and
we saw each other you can not imagine how sad
I was sorry to be in my house thrown
watching watching the program without power
do nothing without being able to play with him from
where without being able to celebrate a point with
they
I really missed them a lot
all the fans that have always been
there
supporting me in agredes demonstrating their
honey, thank you very much everyone
and well now I'm here in the program
to give you all my strange lions
you charge me are also my family are
my little brothers
to his mother
it's a lot
He loves you very much and I want you to look at the
camera and talk to all those children and
girls and all the guys that follow you
and that I missed you asking you so much
well you do not know how they asked us not
you have an idea as you do not have an idea
how we blood
they have asked us to come so this
take them out please talk to them bold
they are seeing you and they are happy
and tell them
very many but many thanks for
the support has always been watching the networks
reading your positive comments
thank you for all this and I
I feel very happy and nervous is like
I feel like I've spent a lot of time
and really thank all of you
family I am completely grateful and
nothing to tell you that there is at home
again that is going to stay in a
world in two villages went through my head
to go is in your face you never thought
never again and thank you for thanking you
cover page
and I 'm obviously a 100% lioness lioness
so I'm going to fight for my team and
we will win